---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "Provider: Conveyor"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
---

# Conveyor provider

The Conveyor provider allows to manage Conveyor resources.

## Authentication and Configuration
If you do not specify any properties of the Terraform provider, it will reuse the same authentication mechanisms as the [Conveyor CLI](https://docs.conveyordata.com/technical-reference/cli/conveyor_auth).
If you use the federated authentication method, the Conveyor login page will be opened if you do not already have a valid token.

### Configuration options
If you do want to pass configuration parameters to the provider, we support 2 authentication mechanisms.

1. CICD credentials for a tenant
2. Conveyor profile specification

#### CICD credentials
You can directly pass the CICD credentials or expose them as environment variables. For more details look [here](https://docs.conveyordata.com/technical-reference/security/authentication/#access-key-and-secret-key)

#### Conveyor profile
Conveyor supports configuring multiple profiles, which are stored under the `~/.conveyor` path.
Specifying a specific profile allows you to overwrite 1 or more of the default properties.
This will behave the same as switching the authentication mechanism in the CLI, which is described [here](https://docs.conveyordata.com/technical-reference/cli/conveyor_auth_switch)

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "conveyor" {
  auth_key          = "<some-key>"
  auth_secret       = "<some-secret>"
  allowed_tenant_id = "<some-tenant-id>"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `allowed_tenant_id` (String) The tenant against which you want to perform operations. Prevents you from mistakenly using an incorrect one.
- `auth_key` (String) The key of the cicd token for a given tenant.
- `auth_secret` (String) The secret of the cicd token for a given tenant.
- `profile` (String) The conveyor profile to use for credentials.
